It's been a long time since I saw the High George's house
Congratulations, did you get the men's prison?
He broke the world record.
This time
You can't help but win glory for the Gaucho family
Because we lost our honor
So I'm here to congratulate you
Mr. Miyamoto has a new arrival to help with supervision
It's my pleasure.
Do you hear me?
Yes!
The president of the International Olympic Committee raved about me.
What are you comparing to me?
That's right, you go to the competition.
A bargain to return something
I'm still delusional about winning the Olympic championship
It's a pipe dream.
Did you see that?
I already said you can't escape him
Now be careful.
like
Mr. Gongde, this Ma Qingshan is for commercial marketing
Forcibly put an Olympic stain
Packaged as an Olympic champion
He actually said he was more powerful than my son
That's right, this bargain
To win the game
It is a shame to the Olympic Committee that he engraves the sword residence
And this Ma Jinshan
And stop at nothing to protect him
He also said he would block us
I never carve anything.
You don't learn to squirt people
Sun Beifeng accused Shangruolan to have evidence
correct correct
It's Zhao Ruolan
Just rose 600 kilograms in a decade
What 600 kilograms?